feat: add new web lock api interface (#3604)
rustwasm/wasm-bindgen: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> * Add bindings for `WebLock` related api to `web-sys`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add bindings for the Web Locks API to `web-sys`.
```
